but there is a place after walking in the spirit now if you look at chapter 8 verse 2 its says for the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free, past tense, from the law of sin and daeth; I mean that is a sermon by itself but I'm not going to touch on that tonight and and. Verse 3 is the one I'd call your attention to: for what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God did by sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh, on account of sin he condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fullfilled in us who do no walk according to the flesh but according to the spirit. Now what is walking according to the flesh and what is walking accroding to the spirit. Now we said last week if you still remember last week walking in the flesh is self effort let justify that from the bible is it self effort because today if you say lets not walk according to the flesh you know what people refer to the guy is walking according to the flesh either he's flaky or he shouted when I was preaching, he was in the flesh, alright in the charistmatic cirlce or people refer to sex sins why flesh. doesn't mean sex sins now if you walk according to the flesh you will produce sex sins but walking in the flesh is not sex sins, walking in the flesh is self effort, whenever you put yourself under self effort even if you have good intention to do something for God to obey God's laws, whenever you put yourself under self-effort you are walking in the flesh and its a matter of time before the works of the flesh manifests. If you walk in the spirit what does it mean then, it means you are resting in the grace of God you are not depending on self-effort, you are resting in the righteousness that is a gift from God in Christ Jesus and what is going to happen? The fruit of the spirit will manifest the fruit of that kind of rest is love joy peace plus self control, self control is not an effort of the flesh, self control is a fruit and its very interesting it says works of the flesh doesn't say fruit of the flesh works , say works , but when it comes to the spirit it says fruit, say fruit. THat means what ? it's a by-product, we don't focus on self control we focus on grace and the by-product is self control. That is why in our youth ministry in our campus ministry our leaders, we don't preach self control per se we preach the grace of God into the hearts of the youths and the result when it goes into their hearts is fruit of the spirit which is self control. If you bring in the law the law activates the flesh once you activate the flesh the works of the flesh will be made manifest amen? so lets prove that: walking after the flesh is self effort . Romans chapter 4 look at I think go to galatians first, Galatians chapter 4: Now we brethren as Issac was ,we'll come to Romans after, a child of promise but as he who was born according to the flesh the persecuted him who was born according to the spirit even so it is now. Now what does it mean to be born according to the flesh who, was it that was born according to the flesh,  Abraham had 2 sons chruch alright. Now the son who was born according to the flesh, what's his name? Ishmael he was born according to the flesh the other one was born according to the spirit what's his name? Issac now why is Ishmael call born according to the flesh, because God was not involved, the miraculous was not involved it was all his effort, he and the lady called Hagar remember that Hagar lady? amen and He and Hagar now it was not Abraham's idea it was actually Sarah's idea , Sarah says since I cannot bear you children why not you go to my servant girl maybe she can bear you children, obviously the problem at that time was Sarah was barren ok and Abraham said nothing. So was God involved in that? No, the whole thing was what? Natural, the whole thing was what? Men's effort and that phrase was used, born according to the flesh, Ishmael was born according to self effort he that was born according to the flesh persecuted him that was born according to the Spirit so the big boy bullied the younger one now the younger one Issac was born later right, how late? very late! When the lady who was barren, when she was young now she is old, 90 years old she is doubly barren. And then not only that Abraham is now 100 years old so now when this 100 year old man, this old man and this dounly barren woman came together and produced a baby now everyone say, that must be God!  