long before this kind of things break out long before this happens there is a particular mode of behaviour they are already in and you know what it is, chruch, it is legalism the more legalistic you are the more you depend on your self effort the more under law you are it is a matter of time your flesh will break out into the works of the flesh and you will do something crazy you can say amen it is true anyway  alright lets look at the teaching part of it so that tonight we establish this and i beleive God has something powerful for us  amen chruch romans 8 real quick romans 8 we look at the prases of walking according to the flesh and walking according to the spirit in fact in verse 1 of chapter 8 in your old king james and your new king james you have this it says there is therefore no condemnation for those who are in christ Jesus who is glad that there is present tense therefore now no condemntation for those who are in christ Jesus are you in christ jesus there is present tense therefore now present tense no condemnation so this wonderful chapter of romans opens up with no condemnation it closes with no seperation from God's love amen and in between nothing but victory but in romans 7 apostle paul was under what we call the wilderness experience he was going through things like the good i want to do i do it not the evil i dont want to do i end up doing so when i do the evil i don't want to do i acknowledge i want to do good but when I find I want to do good evil is present with me of course none of us experience that ok but what brought Paul out of the struggle of Romans 7 is the very first verse, the gateway to the life of the Spirit is Romans 8 vers 1 "There is therefore now no condemnation" and you must know there is no condemnation then you'll have the victory you see the woman caught in adultery she came to when she was thrown right before Jesus, the bible tells us, Jesus defended her , he said he that is without sin throw the first stone, everybody left one by one. Now what did Jesus tell her? Woman where are those whoo accuse you she looked up and said no one Lord so first he gave her the assurance there was no accusation any more and who is the number one accuser of the brethren satan.  Then the Lord said to her what? neither do I condemn you now what sin did she commit, what sin was she commiting when she was caught. Talk to me people come on adultery, now is adultery bad? of course, amen. What did Jesus give her? No condemnation then he said to her go and sin no more unless we give people the assurance there is no condemnation, they can never break free from the sin. Jesus first gave her Romans 8:1, then he said go and sin no more but many of us we want to say this: "you go and sin no more first and then I won't condemn you, let me see first" right? that's human, this is divine; God give you the gift of no condemnation, yes right now you are in the midst of the sin but right now I give you the gift of no condemnation as a gift. If you received this gift you will go and sin no more. Grace does'nt empower you to sin, grace empowers you to live for God from the depths of your heart. Can I have a good amen? alright look at this, so in Romans 8:1 , some of the best translations don't quote the last part. Where it says to walk not according to the flesh but according to the Spirit alright in fact the whole thing is a the whole idea there clashes with the idea that we are in Christ because is it dependent on the fact that you are in Christ or it depends on our walk. The answer is the fact we are in Christ in fact later on in Romans 8 it says who is it that condemns it is Christ who died.  Once you are in Christ there is no more condemnation why? is it because God has gone soft? no! because God condemned Jesus Christ for our sins thats the reason why God can give you and I no condemnation because our sins have been condemned. And God is so faithful and just to his son and what his son has done that God remembered when God condemned his son in our place so that now God has to justify us in His place can i have a good amen. So once you understand that , ask a question ps prince I still don't understand righteousness how can I be righteous having done nothing right, the same way Jesus Christ became sin having done no sin, it is a divine exchange. Ok now that is Romans 8 verse 1 